Handbook: Product groups: Endpoint ops (#14589)
fleetdm/fleet: handbook/company/product-groups.md

| Product group             | Goal _(value for customers and/or community)_                       | Capacity\* |
|:--------------------------|:--------------------------------------------------------------------|:-----------------|

> | [Endpoint ops](#endpoint-ops-group)                     | Make customers happier and more successful.             | 78       |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [Endpoint ops](#endpoint-ops-group)                     | Increase and exceed maturity in the "Endpoint operations" category.             | 78       |
```

We're updating the goal, right? https://github.com/fleetdm/fleet/pull/14589/files#diff-c99d12c3af50c0c2aca2b9ef7597c02ccfe87678291956ff0b2e83d63978ea38R28

Reviewer: Mike: Yes
